Document the process.env handling and compat flags (#19187)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/process.mdx

### Relationship to per-request `env` argument in `fetch()` handlers

Workers have a concept of [environment variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) that are applied on a per-Worker and per-request basis.

By default, these are not accessible automatically via the `process.env` API. It is

> possible to have environment variables automatically populated into `process.env` using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible to have environment variables and secrets automatically populated into `process.env` using
```

> the `nodejs_compat_populate_process_env` compatibility flag. It is also possible to

Reviewer: > It is also possible to manually copy these values into `process.env` if necessary

The difference being that you have to have access to `env` so being in a request context for manual copy. I think it's important to add this to the docs.

> manually copy these values into `process.env` if necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
manually copy these values into `process.env` if necessary -- but only within the context of
a request.
```

### Relationship to per-request `env` argument in `fetch()` handlers

Workers have a concept of [environment variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) that are applied on a per-Worker and per-request basis.

> By default, these are not accessible automatically via the `process.env` API. It is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, these are not accessible automatically via the `process.env` API.
```

> By default, these are not accessible automatically via the `process.env` API. It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, these are not accessible via the `process.env` API. It is
```

> possible to have environment variables and secrets automatically populated into `process.env` using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To automatically populate environment variables and secrets on `process.env`, enable
```

> the `nodejs_compat_populate_process_env` compatibility flag. It is also possible to

Reviewer: again, does this depend on the `disallow_importable_env` flag?

> the `nodejs_compat_populate_process_env` compatibility flag. It is also possible to
> manually copy these values into `process.env` if necessary -- but only within the context of

Author: ```suggestion
the `nodejs_compat_populate_process_env` compatibility flag and disable the
`disallow_importable_env` compatibility flag. It is also possible to
manually copy these values into `process.env` if necessary -- but only within the context of
```

### Relationship to per-request `env` argument in `fetch()` handlers

Workers have a concept of [environment variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) that are applied on a per-Worker and per-request basis.

> By default, these are not accessible via the `process.env` API. It is

Author: ```suggestion
By default, these are not accessible via the `process.env` API.
```

};
```

> It is strongly recommended that you *do not* replace the entire `process.env` object with the request `env` object. Doing so will cause you to lose any environment variables that were set previously and will cause unexpected behavior for other Workers running in the same isolate. Specifically, it would cause inconsistency with the `process.env` object when accessed via named imports.

Reviewer: This paragraph is important, can you restore it?

> Refer to the [environment variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/)

Author: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended that you *do not* replace the entire `process.env` object with
the request `env` object. Doing so will cause you to lose any environment variables that
were set previously and will cause unexpected behavior for other Workers running in the
same isolate. Specifically, it would cause inconsistency with the `process.env` object when
accessed via named imports.

```js
import * as process from 'node:process';
import { env } from 'node:process';

process.env === env; // true! they are the same object
process.env = {}; // replace the object! Do not do this!
process.env === env; // false! they are no longer the same object

// From this point forward, any changes to process.env will not be reflected in env,
// and vice versa!
```

Refer to the [environment variables](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) for more detail.
```

};
```

It is strongly recommended that you *do not* replace the entire `process.env` object with

> the request `env` object. Doing so will cause you to lose any environment variables that

Reviewer: Maybe expland "the cloudflare `env` object + passed the fetch handler, imported from `cloudflare:workers` or retrieved from an entry point"

```suggestion
the cloudflare `env` object. Doing so will cause you to lose any environment variables that
```

// From this point forward, any changes to process.env will not be reflected in env,
// and vice versa!

> documentation for more detail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

accidental?
